README.md, before:

# MIME

[![CI](https://github.com/elixir-plug/mime/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/elixir-plug/mime/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

A read-only and immutable MIME type module for Elixir.

This library embeds the MIME type database so we can map MIME types to extensions and vice-versa. The library was designed to be read-only for performance. New types can only be added at compile-time via configuration.

This library is used by projects like Plug and Phoenix.

See [the documentation for more information](http://hexdocs.pm/mime/).

## Installation

The package can be installed as:

1. Add mime to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

    ```elixir
    def deps do
      [{:mime, "~> 1.2"}]
    end
    ```

2. If there is an `applications` key in your `mix.exs`, add `:mime` to the list. This step is not necessary if you have `extra_applications` instead.

    ```elixir
    def application do
      [applications: [:mime]]
    end
    ```

## License

MIME source code is released under Apache License 2.0.

Check LICENSE file for more information.

Commit message:

Start v2 with a DB from scratch

README.md, after:

# MIME

[![CI](https://github.com/elixir-plug/mime/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/elixir-plug/mime/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

A read-only and immutable MIME type module for Elixir.

This library embeds a database of MIME types so we can map MIME types
to extensions and vice-versa. The library was designed to be read-only
for performance. This library is used by projects like Plug and Phoenix.

Master currently points to a redesign of this library with a minimal copy
of the MIME database. To add any [media type specified by
IANA](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml),
please submit a pull request. You can also add specific types to your
application via a compile-time configuration, see [the documentation for
more information](http://hexdocs.pm/mime/).

## Installation

The package can be installed as:

```elixir
def deps do
  [{:mime, "~> 1.2"}]
end
```

## License

MIME source code is released under Apache License 2.0.

Check LICENSE file for more information.
